Take your hands off the door.
The SWAT team is standing by outside.
Take your hands off it
if you want to live.
Even if you shoot me, they'll break in
since I disabled the booby trap.
You know what this is, right?
If I push this button, you and I,
as well as the hostages, will all die.
You want to save your team leader,
don't you?
He even got shot to protect you.
If you want to save him,
go out and stop the SWAT team.
SWAT team, go in! Now!
SWAT team, go in!
SWAT team, go in! You bastards!
Hey, are you sure
the wiretapping is working?
Why can't I hear anything?
Turn the volume up!
Turn it up!
Turn it up, you idiots! God damn it!
Eun, how did it go?
Did you talk to them?
See? I told you.
In any case, I'm worried how much more
Lim Ji-rok will demand this time.
He's not in charge anymore.
We negotiate with Choi Su-ryeon now.
What? Why?
What's going on?
Why are we not sending the SWAT team in?
We must send them in!
How dare you--
It's me.
You said you'd send us
back to the North safely,
but you're sending the SWAT team in?
Sending the SWAT team in?
Hey! It's all a lie!
Our agent lied to you!
She lied to make you surrender!
Give it!
Listen. First, let Cheong-- No.
Let the doctor out.
Let Dr. Kang out right now, you bastard!
How did you find out your agent talked
about the SWAT team in the tent?
He wants to talk to you.
The hostages' lives are
at stake, but what?
It's all a lie?
Seriously?
All right.
Get her out of here!
Yes, sir. Come out here.
Hey, Choi.
Come here.
Let go of me!
There must've been
a misunderstanding.
We didn't try to send them in.
-We just wanted to send you back--
-No.
I bet all you're thinking about
is killing us.
If you don't believe me,
check with the North.
Check the instructions.
You tell me to check the instructions
whenever you're cornered.
Last time we followed the instructions,
we got shot at upon getting out.
That was because of the engagement
on the West Sea. I told you!
Does the leadership in the North
know that you tried to kill us?
They do know all three of you are alive.
Seeing how you know our rendezvous point
and the goal of this mission well,
you must be in close liaison
with the leadership in the North.
What kind of deal did you make?
You'd better be honest with me.
Your daughter's in my hands.
You know that, right?
You are
a spy who must obey
orders from your country.
So check the instructions right now!
I wanted us to talk it out
before I make you pay for fooling us.